{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Peter Valleskey\
Full Sail University\
Mobile Media Design Course\
\
Repository Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/valleskeyp/JavaHub/tree/master/PrimeRhyme"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/valleskeyp/JavaHub/tree/master/PrimeRhyme}}\
\
Current status of application: Working as milestone 2 goals required\
\
Working features: Opening view displays list view of saved rhymes.  navigate to create new rhyme with the pencil icon.  On the next view, fill out required fields to save rhyme in database.  View newly saved rhymes on main list view.\
\
User can input a word to search out rhymes for.  The results are displayed in a list view on the same screen.  User can view the About page through the drop down menu action, 'About'.  On the about page, the user is also able to open a browser to the page of the RhymeBrain web service.  Sharing has been enabled for the currently viewed rhyme on the create/edit page.  When user changes the orientation in the Create/Edit activity, the layout will change accordingly for a more optimum user experience.\
\
Above and beyond:  Delete menu improved, press and hold a rhyming word from search to copy it to clipboard\
\
TODO:  Meet final goals: Widget to easily search for rhyming words on the fly.  Any additional bug squashing and user experience improvements.\
\
Use guidelines:  All intended features for this millstone are in place.\
	Press and hold on saved rhymes to delete\
	Pencil icon navigates to create view\
	Disk icon saves currently displayed rhyme in database\
\
	Dropdown menu 'About' option opens about screen\
	Link opens RhymeBrain web service homepage\
	Fill out "Word that" field and submit it to the web service with "Rhymes with.." button\
	Press and hold an item in the list below to copy it to the clipboard\
		This gives easy access for users to find words, and use them quickly\
	\
\
No special instructions at this time.\
	}